## Scenario:

Congratulations, you won the lottery and became a trillionaire. To celebrate,
you bought SpaceX and took over the CEO position from Elon, because you think
you can achieve what he could not - making trips to Mars possible. To do that,
you want to check all the rockets owned by the company and see if, perhaps, a
different engine type would make that trip feasible. Unfortunately, Elon was
super mad and decided to sabotage the rockets before stepping down. You will not
let that get in your way of celebration, so you are now going on a sea trip
around the world with your party crew. To pick a ship, you need to implement a
small application that helps you make that decision. The good news is that the
company's API is public and is available here (https://api.spacex.land/graphql).
So, you can use it to obtain the list of all the ships with some images and
choose your favourite.

## Instructions:

● Your task is to implement a simple dashboard that fetches the list of ships
from the SpaceX API (https://api.spacex.land/graphql). ● Use ReactJs as the
rendering framework ● Feel free to use a UI component library of your choice if
you want to. Examples of such libraries include: Base Web, Ant Design, Material
UI, etc. ● While we appreciate a good design, we urge you to keep it simple and
focus on providing a clean, functional code. ● To get started quickly with your
project, we would suggest to use Create React App (CRA). Features: ● As a user,
you can see a list view of all the ships owned by SpaceX. ● As a user, you can
see an alternative gallery view of the ships. ● As a user, you can switch freely
between both list and gallery views. ● As a user, you can scroll through views
infinitely to see more data. ● As a user, you can filter the ships by type.

## As a bonus, it would be nice to have the following:

● Use of TypeScript ● Responsive design

## Missing/TODO

- Error handling
- Proper tests
- Slick design
- Heroku CI

## APP URL

https://ozim-spacex.herokuapp.com/
